Now, it's time for our third assignment, this will be similar to what we do with the menu item, but
a lot simpler in this assignment.
I want you guys to create a company model which will have the following properties.
It will be the primary key name will be required and street address, city state postal code and phone
number.
They can be optional field.
Once you create the table, then you will have to add company to repository and unit of work using that
repository.
You need to perform the current operations on company using data tables.
And also we will implement one action four update and edit.
So you will have to do the same like menu item.
So that will give you more practice with data table a that we have.
And of course, validations will be the same.
So good luck with the assignment, and let's continue from the next week, you.